---
title: "Apps That Give You Money"
bg: white
color: black
---


## Apps That Give You Money - Really!
Whether you're a frugal freelancer who stockpiles pennies, or a broke college student seeking a little extra beer money - there are apps out there that will actually give you money. Seriously! I made a round up of my favorite apps that give you money and included links and quick reviews. 

Of course, these apps aren't necessarily going to be a huge windfall in your bank account - but they may let you treat yourself to an extra latte a month, or help stretch your paycheck when money is tight.

You've probably heard of apps that promise free money, and a lot of times they are just too good to be true. With these apps, I'll attempt to explain what you can get and _why_ it's free. Some companies are willing to pay you for your opinion because they are doing market research. Other companies just want to show you ads on your phone's lockscreen. Each app has a reason of it's own so without further ado, here are the best apps that give you money. 

## Apps That Give You Money: S'more

Most of these apps are going to make you work for a buck. [S'more](http://smoreapp.co) actually pays you for just sitting there! S'more displays ads on your lockscreen - silent, unobtrusive display ads - and then lets you cash out points at the end of the month. 

You need an Android phone to use S'more (Apple's terms and conditions won't allow this type of ad network) But once you've installed it, that's it! You're ready to start accumulating points. 

Typical payout is between $3 and 5 per month, which really adds up! Points can be exchanged for gift cards to Amazon and other popular retailers. 

You can downloaded the S'more app [here in the Google Play store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lab465.SmoreApp). 

## Apps That Give You Money: Fiverr
If you're good at anything, (and even if you're not), you should check out [Fiverr](https://www.fiverr.com/){: rel="nofollow"}. 

Fiverr lets you connect with other people around the world in need of a specific service. Usually they are one-off gigs. People come to Fiverr when they need a writer for a blog post, and artist that makes logos out of food, a e-book cover design of a unicorn, a musician for a jingle, etc. Just like the name suggests, the jobs usually pay $5 each. 

Obviously you can't make a fortune on $5 jobs, but it can help pad your wallet a bit. It also may give you an outlet to exercise hobbies you don't usually get to do. 

## Apps That Give You Money: Field Agent

If you love filling out surveys, this app is your you. It's called "Field Agent" because users with the app act as agents for large companies, helping them with grassroots research to collect photos, video, and information from stores and other locations. This information is used by those businesses to better serve their customers. Oh and the best part is, you can get paid!

Check out [the Field Agent website](https://app.fieldagent.net/?__hssc=&__hstc=&__hsfp=2649369792&hsCtaTracking=f6d43805-5c59-4981-9132-4c6c87b4545a%7C4180d139-d2b5-479a-8d44-80b67c729548
){: rel="nofollow"} for more info on how it works. 

## Apps That Give You Money: Foap
[Foap](https://www.foap.com/){: rel="nofollow"} is like Fiverr for amateur photographers. 

Instead of posting pictures of your cat and your dinner on Instagram, you can upload them to Foap with the hope that someone out there is in need of some simple stock photography. If your photograph is picked up, you’ll earn $5 from whoever decides to use it. There’s also a chance that you’ll earn even more reward money if your image is voted highly by other users.

It’s no secret that the Internet is full of “fauxtographers,” so if you’re even halfway decent at capturing beautiful images, you have a pretty good chance of standing out on Foap. Many major companies rely on Foap for images to be used in their catalogs and websites. If your photography skills go beyond the “everyday” photographer’s, you might end up making a connection that could lead to a much better-paying gig. 

Like Fiverr, though, if you are good at what you do, you won’t want to waste too much time using Foap after building up a decent portfolio. Amateur photographers are a dime a dozen - but good ones are worth much more.

Speaking of wasting time, Foap’s upload process is fairly clunky and time-consuming. Even if you have a batch of photographs you wish to upload, you need to load each one individually - naming and tagging it before you move on to the next one. If you’re doing this as a hobby and to make a few extra bucks, you might not mind this. Otherwise, make the connections you need to make and move on.

## Apps That Give You Money: Foap
[Ibotta](https://ibotta.com/){: rel="nofollow"} is a service that, quite frankly, should be used by everyone.

We all buy groceries, and we all wish we didn’t have to spend so much on them. Ibotta provides rebates for specific grocery-related items bought at either supermarkets or retail stores, given that you kept the receipt. 

After doing your weekly food shopping, you upload a picture of your receipt to Ibotta, and - if you’ve purchased any of the items currently being featured - you’ll receive actual cash back. No reward points. No gimmicks. Actual cash.

Even better, you have the option of joining “teams” with specific shopping goals. Once your team reaches a goal, you’ll receive the predetermined monthly bonus reward. 

You can have your earnings transferred either to your PayPal or Venmo account, or, if you choose, you can purchase gift cards for various retailers with your money. 

Grocery shopping is getting more and more expensive every year. Ibotta can help put a little bit of that change back in your pocket.
